# Classification-Hass-Avocados
Agroindustrial Plant for the Classification of Hass Avocados in Real-Time with ResNet-18 Architecture

#Abstract
The avocado is the fruit with a growing trend in production due to its demand in the world market. Peru currently ranks third in the export of Hass type avocados. For the efficient classification of avocados in good or bad condition, a ResNet-18 algorithm applied to a robust agro-industrial plant was implemented. By using a non-invasive classification we reduce handling damage. The plant consists of a feeder system that continues with a conveyor belt, followed by the image acquisition system with its lighting system, finally, there is the classification system formed by the pneumatic system consisting of pistons that will deposit the avocados in the right containers. The treatment of the images was developed in three stages: acquisition, training, and implementation of the neural network. The Deep Learning algorithm used is ResNet-18, and the hyperparameters of the convolutional network were adjusted to obtain a precision of 98.72%, a specificity of 98.52%, and an F1 score of 98.08%.

# Conclusions
Currently, Peru ranks third in the export of Hass type avocados, its demand is growing worldwide. An intelligent agriculture solution was implemented using a real-time avocado sorting plant composed of industrial elements such as PLC's, variable speed drives, pneumatic systems, and infrared sensors in combination with the software formed by ResNet-18 neural networks, managing to classify avocados in good or poor condition through the optimization of the parameter such as Learning rate, epochs, and geometric transformations to avoid overfitting and data mismatch. Taking as a reference a previous work in the same plant, which was carried out with a dataset of 154 avocados, obtaining a precision of 60%; In this article, a data set of 492 avocados was used to train it with a ResNet-18 type neural network. An accuracy of 97.95% was obtained, improving the system by 37.95% compared to the study mentioned above. The sensitivity reached values of 97.46%. The positive predictions (Precision) reached 98.71% and the F1 parameter reached a value of 98.08%. The system can be improved by increasing the number of images for the training phase or by applying a hybrid method for the neural network, such as increasing the number of layers for the convolution phase or for the fully connected network.

##Link Paper: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9476659
